This program is designed for putting some 'sophisticated' images in Turbo C.

It is very difficult to draw some images in Turbo C just using its own
provided functions like bar(), and i think no one will use such functions
to complete a game or an assignment.

So i develop the program BMP2IMC (IMC stands for IMage in C) to capture an
area in BMP file and i also develop a function used by C named imc() to
display such a IMC file in everywhere anytime you like.

But of course, since Turbo C EGA/VGA just support 16 colors, we can just
display 16 colors BMP and then 16 colors IMC file. But i think it is enough
to complete some simple games and graphics assignments.
(Actually it is desinged for graphics assignments, since i want to draw some
icons and develop my own beautiful windows!)

In my demo.c, i just use other program to capture some characters in BMP
and then use Paintbrush to make some corrections to the BMP, then use the
program BMP2IMC to convert the motion of the characters in IMC format and
display them again. You're better to have a look of demo.c.

Since some IMC files maybe too large to display(>64k), if in
this case, you must program in large model.
The library for large model is also included.

Here are the lists and uses of the programs:
BMP2IMC.EXE    -    capture a part in BMP and convert it in the format IMC.
SHOWIMC.EXE    -    show the *.imc image
IMCS.LIB       -    library file for small model
IMCL.LIB       -    library file for large model
DEMO.EXE       -    just a demo file for displaying the IMC files.
DEMO.C         -    source code of DEMO.EXE
*.IMC          -    IMC files. You can display them using SHOWIMC


e.g. BMP2IMC sango.bmp
     SHOWIMC panda.imc
     tcc -ms demo.c imcs.lib  (dont forget to include lib while compiling)


     To use the function imc(char*) provided in the library, you must fisrt
     declare the extern function imc(), then a same pointer type of imc() :

     
extern void far* imc(char*);

main()
{    ..
     ..
     ..
     void far* bitmap;
     ..
     ..

     ....
     ....
     bitmap=imc("panda.imc");
     ....
     ....
     putimage(0,0,bitmap,COPY_PUT);
     ....
     ....
     farfree(bitmap);
}

     You're better to look the demo.c as an example.

P.S. If you have any comments and opinions, i'm very happy to receive your
     messages in BBS (named Leung Tail) and any e-mail :
     email     : kwleung2@se.cuhk.hk

     Since this is the first program i write to BBS, i'm very eagar to get
     any opinions and share our experience in programming.

     Wait for your echo!

Leung Ka Wai
2/94
